# Exciton Transport in Polaritonic Systems

This repository contains data used in two manuscripts about polariton-mediated exciton transport:

1. G.J.R. Aroeira, K. T. Kairys, and R. F. Ribeiro. [Theoretical Analysis of Exciton Wave Packet Dynamics in Polaritonic Wires.](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c01082) *J. Phys. Chem. Lett.* **2023**, 14, 24, 5681–5691.

2. G.J.R. Aroeira, K. T. Kairys, and R. F. Ribeiro. [Coherent transient exciton transport in disordered polaritonic wires.](https://www.degruyter.com/document/doi/10.1515/nanoph-2023-0797/html) *Nanophotonics*,  **2024**.

All the computation was performed using our packaged [PolaritonicSystems.jl](https://github.com/RibeiroGroup/PolaritonicSystems.jl), here you will find scripts used to run these calculations along with the code used to generated the graphs found in the manuscripts above. 

The [Makie.jl](https://docs.makie.org/stable/) plotting ecosystem was used to produce the plots with the `CairoMakie` backend. 

## Instructions

Using the julia REPL you should first load `Makie.jl` and `CairoMakie` (if you want to save the figures) or `WGLMakie` (if you want to visualize them in the browser). Next, you need to activate the `ProjectPlots` folder. For example

```
julia> using Makie, WGLMakie
(@v1.9) pkg> activate ProjectPlots/  # You can use the key ] to activate the package manager here
julia> using ProjectPlots
```

## Generating Figures

### Manuscript 1. JPCL

Each figure in the JPCL paper can be generated using a corresponding function. 

Figure 2:  `ProjectPlots.JPCL.fig2()` \
Figure 3:  `ProjectPlots.JPCL.fig3()` \
Figure 4:  `ProjectPlots.JPCL.fig4()` \
Figure 5:  `ProjectPlots.JPCL.fig5()` \
Figure 6:  `ProjectPlots.JPCL.fig6()` \
Figure 7:  `ProjectPlots.JPCL.fig7()` \
Figure 8:  `ProjectPlots.JPCL.fig8()`

> Note that some of these function take arguments, so you can change some of the parameters as long as the corresponding data exists. 

You can dig deeper into how the data is being collected and treated by looking directly into these functions. You will find the their high-level in the `ProjectPlots/src/JPCL/generate.jl` file. 

SI pictures also have corresponding function calls. The Figure SX can be generated by `ProjectPlots.JPCL.SI_figX()` where X is the number of the figure.

### Manuscript 2. Nanophotonics

For the second manuscript, generating figures follows an analogue process up to Figure 4:

Figure 2: `ProjectPlots.Nanophotonics.fig2()` \
Figure 3: `ProjectPlots.Nanophotonics.fig3()` \
Figure 4: `ProjectPlots.Nanophotonics.fig4()` \
Figure 5: `ProjectPlots.Nanophotonics.fig5()` \
Figure 6: `ProjectPlots.Nanophotonics.fig6()` \
Figure 7: `ProjectPlots.Nanophotonics.fig7()` \
Figure 8: `ProjectPlots.Nanophotonics.fig8()` \

In this case each function is associated with a file named accordingly. For example, the function that creates Figure 3 is found in the file `ProjectPlots/src/Nanophotonics/fig3.jl`. 



